One Page Summary
	
	My role on the group was that of the User Interface manager. To begin, I created the intro screen as well as the game over screen. The first function in the class is “void Display,” which displays the title, picture of Kanye West’s Head, and the picture of the two bears on his side. Next is the “void Albums” function which displays the six albums moving on the bottom of the screen, and finally the “void Instructions” function which leads to another screen displaying brief instructions for the game. Afterwards, I created the “Game Over” class, which consists of a “void Display” function that displays a picture of Kanye West and Sway Calloway. The class also includes a text box with text in it saying Game Over, as well as an option to restart the game. If the restart button is pressed, the game reverts back to the intro.
	
	I think that each member worked well to the best of their ability. Obviously some members were more adept with processing than others, but all members did finish their part to as best as they could. In addition, I think that the group members worked well with one another when it came to bouncing additional ideas for the game off of each other. Each group member was very willing to change parts of their game and even scrap entire ideas in favor of more reasonable endeavors if they saw fit. However, in order to increase our efficiency as a group and therefore improve our final project, I feel as though we should have worked more closely together in the earlier stages. Early on in our project, each of us decided to work on our mini-games separately. While this did maximize efficiency at first, it had repercussions in the later stages of the project as it became difficult to put the entire game together. Since each person made their game differently using different references and in some cases even different display sizes, a lot of editing needed to be done before the games were compatible enough to be put together into one game. We also could have spread out the work load more effectively. If nothing else, this would at least help us personally with finishing the project with the least amount of stress possible. It seemed as though there were times when we as a group thought that we had more time than we actually had.
